{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17200\viewh19740\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 These are truetype-based opentype fonts and they use a .ttf file extension. Many graphic designers are reluctant to use truetype fonts but these are not ordinary truetype fonts. They are opentype fonts based on truetype outlines. Have no fear, they are fully functional, meticulously crafted fonts that will work properly with all WIN applications.\
\
You can install opentype fonts on any computer running the Windows Vista, XP, 2000, Me, 98 (R2), and NT operating systems.\
\
Many people use a "drag and drop" method of installing fonts however this is NOT recommended by Microsoft. Please follow the instructions below. (If you are using a font management utility, follow the instructions from the manufacturer to install the fonts.)\
\
\
To install opentype (or truetype) fonts into Windows:\
\
1. Close all open programs BEFORE installing or removing fonts.\
Note: New fonts do not appear in program font menus if you install them while the program is open so close them before installing the fonts. \
\
2. Choose Start > Settings > Control Panel.\
Note: In Windows Vista and XP, choose Start > Control Panel.\
\
3. Double-click the Fonts folder.\
Note: If you do not see the Fonts folder then change the Control Panel to "Classic View".\
\
4. Choose File > Install New Font.\
\
5. Locate the fonts you want to install.\
-In the Drives list, select the drive that contains the fonts you want to install.\
-In the Folders list, select the folder containing the fonts you want to install.\
-When you open the folder containing the fonts, they will appear under List of Fonts.\
\
7. To select more than one font, hold down the CTRL key and click each font or use the "Select All" button. \
\
8. Make sure the "Copy fonts to Fonts folder" checkbox is selected. \
\
9. Click "OK" to install the fonts and your mission is accomplished.\
}